docs: add suppress docs (#5961)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/developer-guide/ksqldb-reference/create-table-as-select.md

Note that the WINDOW clause can only be used if the `from_item` is a stream and the query contains
a `GROUP BY` clause.

> Note that EMIT clause defaults to `EMIT CHANGES` unless explicitly set to `EMIT FINAL` on a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that EMIT `output_refinement` defaults to `CHANGES` unless explicitly set to `FINAL` on a

```
